--- PAGE 2 ---
Mathematics 2023, 11, 2678 3 of 25
The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. Section 2 reviews the relevant
literature. Section 3 describes the AGV scheduling and routing problem and establishes a
bi-level mixed integer programming model. The DT-based AGV scheduling and routing
framework is discussed in Section 4. Section 5 gives examples to verify the effectiveness of
the proposed method. Finally, Section 6 concludes the paper and points out future works.
2. Related Works
2.1. AGV Scheduling
There have been many studies on the AGV scheduling problem in recent years. A
brief review of previous works is provided on AGV scheduling.
Existing studies on AGV static scheduling in the ACT have provided very valuable
information. Rashidi and Tsang [13] propose a novel algorithm, NSA+, to solve the AGV
scheduling problem considering minimizing const ﬂow in container terminals. Ma et al. [14]
used an improved mathematical model to describe the multi-load AGV scheduling problem
in the ACT; they built a shufﬂed frog leaping algorithm with a mutant process (SFLAMUT)
to solve the problem. Given the high potential synergy between automated quayside cranes
(AQCs) and AGVs, Zhao et al. [15] built a collaborative model for AQCs and AGVs; they
used a two-stage taboo search algorithm to solve the scheduling problem.
AGV static scheduling usually is infeasible and impractical due to uncertainties; thus,
AGV dynamic scheduling has become a growing concern. Angeloudis and Bell [16] propose
a novel algorithm structured around a cost/beneﬁt concept to solve the AGV dis-patching
problem under an indeterministic ACT environment, mainly including uncertain task
durations for future events. Xin et al. [ 17] propose a rescheduling method to rearrange
AGVs, quay cranes (QCs), and automated stacking cranes (ASCs) in ACT, including two
types of methods: the time-efﬁcient schedule and the energy-efﬁcient schedule. Sahin
et al. [18] develop a multi-agent-based system to simultaneously schedule ﬂexible machine
groups and AGVs under an uncertain manufacturing environment. Xu et al. [19] present
a response method with AGVs based on the mode of “request-scheduling-response” to
solve the logistics dynamic scheduling problem in an intelligent manufacturing workshop
(IMW), which aims to minimize the ﬁnish time with the minimum AGVs and limited time.
In order to deal with the AGV scheduling problem in complex material handling in smart
factories, Zhang et al. [20] develop a dynamic scheduling method for self-organized AGVs
(SAGV), aiming to minimize the delay and reduce the cost of logistics systems.
2.2. AGV Routing
The earliest research on AGV routing starts with single-AGV path planning. For
the single robot path planning problem, Wang et al. [21] improve the traditional rapidly-
exploring random tree (RRT) algorithm and propose an autonomous routing algorithm of
node control (NC-RRT) with higher exploration efﬁciency and faster convergence speed.
Lee and Jeong [22] use the Q-Learning and Dyna-Q algorithms to solve the mobile robot
path planning problem in a warehouse environment.
In the actual environment, the situation of using one AGV to complete the task is
extremely rare; multiple AGVs complete tasks in cooperation with each other. There have
been many previous studies on multi-AGV path planning in a static environment. Oboth
et al. [23] present a route-generation technique that can realize conﬂict-free path planning
for multiple AGVs with varying speeds. Yuan et al. [24] propose a bi-level path planning al-
gorithm; global and local paths are obtained using the A* and RRT algorithms, respectively.
The above research studies focus on routing problems in a static environment. In order
to respond to uncertainties, dynamic routing is developed. Xu et al. [ 25] present an im-
proved dynamic window method to deal with the routing problem in a three-dimensional
dynamic environment, outperforming traditional DWA algorithms in terms of efﬁciency,
smoothness, and security. To deal with complex and variable situations during the multi-
robot operation process, Bae et al. [26] combine deep Q-learning with the CNN (convolution
neural network) algorithm, which is more ﬂexible and efﬁcient than conventional methods.
--- PAGE 3 ---
Mathematics 2023, 11, 2678 4 of 25
In order to respond to dynamic obstacles and incomplete maps, Bai et al. [27] combine an
improved Q-learning path optimization algorithm and an improved genetic algorithm; the
proposed method has favorable performance in narrow working environments and highly
congested situations. Onoufriou et al. [28] propose a new hybrid parallelism deep learning
framework, which can provide a solution and uniﬁcation of deep learning techniques using
a common interface.
Some researchers have begun to study the AGV scheduling and routing problems
simultaneously. Zhong et al. [29] tried to minimize ships’ loading and unloading time via
integrated scheduling of AGVs and other facilities with the hybrid GA-PSO algorithm
with adaptive autotuning approaches by a fuzzy control solution. Fazlollahtabar et al. [30]
studied the simultaneous scheduling and routing problem for AGVs in ﬂexible manu-
facturing systems, obtaining the optimal plan by a modiﬁed network simplex algorithm
(NSA). Miyamoto and Inoue [31] propose local/random search methods to deal with the
dispatching and routing problem for capacitated AGV systems (DCFRPC). Desaulniers
et al. [32] present an exact method for AGV dispatching and conﬂict-free routing in the ﬂex-
ible manufacturing system, implicitly considering congestion and blocking problems. Xing
et al. [33] propose a novel tabu search algorithm to solve the conﬂicts that happen when
multiple AGVs work at the same time. Liang et al. [ 34] present a three-stage integrated
scheduling algorithm for AGV routing planning to deal with the locking problem of AGV .
2.3. Digital Twin
The above works have made an outstanding contribution to the AGV scheduling and
routing problem but fail to address the challenges confronting AGV scheduling and routing
mentioned in Section 1. Recently, DT has been widely applied in various ﬁelds, including
predictive maintenance [35], factory design [ 36], assembly [37], prognostics [38], health
care [39], trafﬁc management [40], and so on.
Some researchers attempt to combine DT with other methods to address scheduling
problems. For example, by introducing DT, Zhang et al. [41] address three critical problems
in dynamic job-shop scheduling: machine availability prediction, disturbance detection,
and performance evaluation. Wang and Wu [42] develop a planning and scheduling system
by combining DT with planning and scheduling to effectively manage and control the
disturbances in workshop scheduling. Negri et al. [ 43] present a DT-based scheduling
framework, which includes equipment health predictions in the scheduling activity; their
framework embeds a ﬁeld-synchronized Equipment Health Indicator module into the DT
simulation to synchronize the simulation model to the physical system. In AGV scheduling,
Han et al. [44] developed a DT-based dynamic AGV scheduling (DTDAS) method, which
can reasonably arrange the charging process to effectively improve AGV transportation
efﬁciency in a workshop.
Several researchers have started to apply DT to routing problems. For example, Wang
et al. [ 45] built a digital twin platform for gantry robots and present a multi-objective
three-dimensional routing method for gantry robots based on the NavMesh algorithm
based on the platform, improving production efﬁciency and safety. Zohdi [46] designed
a digital twin framework for ﬁreﬁghting to help aerial ﬁrst responders rapidly perform
ﬂight routing in risky ﬁre environments. Guo et al. [ 47] constructed a digital twin system
for product assembly and present a modiﬁed Q-learning algorithm to solve the routing
problem based on the system. To address the shortcoming of supervised learning of
requiring large-scale training data, Vasanthan and Nguyen [48] introduced a digital twin of
the vessel to generate enough training data to solve the vessel’s routing problem, effectively
detecting potential collisions. Gao et al. [49] developed a digital-twin-enabled automated
storage yard scheduling framework for uncertain port dispatching.
DT brings a chance to deal with the AGV scheduling and routing problem. By intro-
ducing DT technology, the real-time data generated by the ACT operation process can be
fused with data from the virtual space to drive the dynamic evolution of the initial plan
--- PAGE 4 ---
Mathematics 2023, 11, 2678 5 of 25
ﬁrst, and then the novel plan is simulated, veriﬁed, and, further, timely transmitted to the
physical space to control the AGV operation.
3. Problem Description and Formulation
3.1. AGV Scheduling and Routing Problem
The devices of the ACT in AGV scheduling and routing involve AGVs, quay cranes
(QCs), and yard cranes (YCs) (see Figure 1). AGVs are used for moving containers between
QC and storage yards. QCs are to deliver containers on AGVs from a ship or containers
from AGVs to a ship. The storage yard is an area for the temporary storage of containers
for transferring to destinations. YCs are used to deliver containers to their storage locations
in storage yards or from their storage locations in storage yards.
Mathematics 2023, 11, x FOR PEER REVIEW 5 of 25 
 
 
requiring large-scale training data, Vasanthan and Nguyen [48] introduced a digital twin 
of the vessel to generate enough training data to solve the vessel’s routing problem, 
eﬀectively detecting potential collisions. Gao et al. [49] developed a digital-twin-enabled 
automated storage yard scheduling framework for uncertain port dispatching.  
DT brings a chance to deal with the AGV scheduling and routing problem. By 
introducing DT technology, the real-time da ta generated by the ACT operation process 
can be fused with data from the virtual space to drive the dynamic evolution of the initial 
plan ﬁrst, and then the novel plan is simulated, veri ﬁed, and, further, timely transmitted 
to the physical space to control the AGV operation. 
3. Problem Description and Formulation 
3.1. AGV Scheduling and Routing Problem 
The devices of the ACT in AGV scheduling  and routing involve AGVs, quay cranes 
(QCs), and yard cranes (YCs) (see Figure 1). AGVs are used for moving containers between 
QC and storage yards. QCs are to deliver containers on AGVs from a ship or containers 
from AGVs to a ship. The storage yard is an area for the temporary storage of containers 
for transferring to destinations. YCs are us ed to deliver containers to their storage 
locations in storage yards or from their storage locations in storage yards. 
AGV Transportation 
Area
Storage 
Yard
Container
Quay Crane
Yard Crane
AGV 
Swap 
Area
Ship
 
Figure 1. The layout of an automated container terminal. 
The AGV transferring area has a regular route. In order to conveniently describe the 
AGV scheduling and routing problem of an AC T, the transferring area is formally 
described as a weighted directed graph, in wh ich there are 10 nodes (see Figure 2a). The 
node n3 indicates the QC, the node n8 is the storage yard, the set {n1, n2, n4, n5, n6, n7, n9, 
n10} is the path node set, and the set {l1, l2, …, l24} is the path set, whose lengths are d1, 
d2, …, d24, respectively. The direction of each arrow expresses the direction of AGV that 
they can travel on the path. Figure 2b shows the corresponding adjacency matrix, in which 
the symbol ∞ means there are no ways between two nodes. 
Figure 1. The layout of an automated container terminal.
The AGV transferring area has a regular route. In order to conveniently describe the
AGV scheduling and routing problem of an ACT, the transferring area is formally described
as a weighted directed graph, in which there are 10 nodes (see Figure 2a). The node n3
indicates the QC, the node n8 is the storage yard, the set { n1, n2, n4, n5, n6, n7, n9, n10}
is the path node set, and the set { l1, l2, . . . , l24} is the path set, whose lengths are d1, d2,
. . . , d24, respectively. The direction of each arrow expresses the direction of AGV that they
can travel on the path. Figure 2b shows the corresponding adjacency matrix, in which the
symbol ∞ means there are no ways between two nodes.
Mathematics 2023, 11, x FOR PEER REVIEW 6 of 25 
 
 
  
(a) ( b) 
Figure 2. The weighted directed graph and adjacent matrix. (a) A weighted directed graph; (b) an 
adjacent matrix. 
The AGV scheduling and routing problem is satis ﬁed under the following 
assumptions: 
• The location of all containers’ delivery points and pickup points are ﬁxed and known. 
This work does not distinguish whether a task is a loading or an unloading task. 
• All AGVs are in good condition without failure. 
• Each AGV can only transport one container at a time, and each container can only be 
assigned to one AGV for transporting. 
• The operation time for both QCs and YCs is ﬁxed. 
• All AGVs are homogeneous and travel at the same velocity, and AGV speed remains 
unchanged during turning. 
• All containers have the same priority. 
• The initial position of each AGV is known. 
Notations used in the model of the studied problem are listed in Appendix A. 
3.2. The bi-Level Mixed Integer Programming Model 
In order to describe the AGV scheduling and routing problem, the bi-level mixed 
integer programming model is established. The upper-level scheduling model focuses on 
AGV scheduling and the lower-level routing model deals with AGV routing. The upper-
level scheduling model determines the overa ll horizontal transportation operation 
optimization results; the lower-level route model determines the actual completion time 
of each operation task for each AGV. 
3.2.1. The Upper-Level Scheduling Model 
The objective of AGV scheduling is to minimize the completion time of all tasks. The 
AGV scheduling optimization model can be formulated as follows: 
𝑚𝑖𝑛𝐶௠௔௫ =𝑚 𝑖 𝑛𝑚 𝑎 𝑥
௞∈௏
(𝐶௞) (1)
Subject to: 
𝐶௞ =𝑡 ௙
௞,∀ 𝑘 ∈ 𝑉   (2)
෍𝛼 ௣
௞
௞∈௏
=1 , ∀ 𝑝∈𝐶 (3)
෍𝛽଴௣
௞
௣∈஼
=1 , ∀ 𝑘∈𝑉 (4)
Figure 2. The weighted directed graph and adjacent matrix. (a) A weighted directed graph; (b) an
adjacent matrix.
--- PAGE 5 ---
Mathematics 2023, 11, 2678 6 of 25
The AGV scheduling and routing problem is satisfied under the following assumptions:
• The location of all containers’ delivery points and pickup points are ﬁxed and known.
This work does not distinguish whether a task is a loading or an unloading task.
• All AGVs are in good condition without failure.
• Each AGV can only transport one container at a time, and each container can only be
assigned to one AGV for transporting.
• The operation time for both QCs and YCs is ﬁxed.
• All AGVs are homogeneous and travel at the same velocity, and AGV speed remains
unchanged during turning.
• All containers have the same priority.
• The initial position of each AGV is known.
Notations used in the model of the studied problem are listed in Appendix A.
3.2. The bi-Level Mixed Integer Programming Model
In order to describe the AGV scheduling and routing problem, the bi-level mixed
integer programming model is established. The upper-level scheduling model focuses
on AGV scheduling and the lower-level routing model deals with AGV routing. The
upper-level scheduling model determines the overall horizontal transportation operation
optimization results; the lower-level route model determines the actual completion time of
each operation task for each AGV .
3.2.1. The Upper-Level Scheduling Model
The objective of AGV scheduling is to minimize the completion time of all tasks. The
AGV scheduling optimization model can be formulated as follows:
minCmax = minmax
k∈V
(Ck) (1)
Subject to:
Ck = tk
f ,∀k∈ V (2)
∑
k∈V
αk
p = 1,∀p∈ C (3)
∑
p∈C
βk
0p = 1,∀k∈ V (4)
∑
p∈C
βk
p f = 1,∀k∈ V (5)
∑
p′∈C∪{0, f}
βk
pp′ = ∑
p′∈C∪{0, f}
βk
p′ p,∀p∈ C,∀k∈ V (6)
Tk
OkLp≤ tk
p + M
(
1− βk
0p
)
,∀p∈ C,∀k∈ V (7)
tk
p + τp
L + Tk
LpUp + τp
U + Tk
UpLp′≤ tk
p′ + M
(
1− βk
pp′
)
,∀p∈ C, p′∈ C∪{ f},∀k∈ V (8)
αk
p, βk
pp′∈ (0, 1),∀p, p′∈ C,∀k∈ V (9)
tk
p≥ 0, τp
L > 0, τp
U > 0, TLpUp > 0, TUpLp′≥ 0, TOkLp≥ 0,∀p, p′∈ C,∀k∈ V (10)
Equation (1) is the optimization goal to minimize the completion time of all tasks.
Equation (2) indicates that the task completion time for each AGV is the completion
time of its last task, which is the start time of its virtual last task.
